📖 Update "Adding a catalog of extensions" (#694)
operator-framework/operator-controller: docs/Tasks/adding-a-catalog.md

Extension authors can publish their products in catalogs.

> Catalogs are curated collections of Operators and extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Catalogs are curated collections of Kubernetes extensions.
```

Anyone feel free to correct me if I am wrong, but I think we are trying to move away from the term Operator in favor of Extension. In this case I think "Kubernetes extension" is good as an assumption that a first time reader might not know what an "Extension" is.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/pull/694/commits/d8ef5a7df7fa7c044c507a1bcab55e5da8c33c7f. 

WDYT of "Catalogs are curated collections of Kubernetes extensions, such as Operators"? I thought it might be worthwhile to call out that Operators are a type of k8s extension. Especially since "Operator" is still in the name of OLM and Operator Framework project. That said, if it feels like a distraction, I am happy to cut it.

Cluster administrators can add these catalogs to their cluster.

> When extension authors publish updates to their catalogs, cluster administrators can install and update those changes.

Reviewer: The automatic updates to the catalog depend on the polling behavior being enabled (is enabled by default). I personally think something like this might be a bit more clear:
```suggestion
When extension authors publish updates to their catalogs, cluster administrators can enable polling to get over the air updates.
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/commit/d8ef5a7df7fa7c044c507a1bcab55e5da8c33c7f#diff-5a1e4ab31f502f9bb2c49ce9dfa8659d5163bf6f5a49fc73e55e3b9fda7d487cR6

* Kubernetes CLI (`kubectl`) installed on your workstation

## Procedure

1. Create a catalog custom resource (CR):
   ```yaml
   apiVersion: catalogd.operatorframework.io/v1alpha1
   kind: Catalog
   metadata:
     name: operatorhubio
   spec:
     source:
       type: image
       image:
         ref: <catalog_image>
         pollInterval: <poll_interval_duration>
    ```
    where:

    `catalog_image`
    :Specifies the image reference for the catalog you want to install, such as `quay.io/operatorhubio/catalog:latest`.

    `poll_interval_duration`
    :Specifies the interval for polling the remote registry for newer image digests.
    The default value is `24h`.
    Valid units include seconds (`s`), minutes (`m`), and hours (`h`).
    To disable polling, set a zero value, such as `0s`.

   <details>
   <summary>Example `operatorhub.yaml` CR</summary>
   ```yaml
   apiVersion: catalogd.operatorframework.io/v1alpha1
   kind: Catalog
   metadata:
     name: operatorhub
   spec:
     source:
       type: image
       image:
         ref: quay.io/operatorhubio/catalog:latest
         pollInterval: 1h

>     ```

Reviewer: Missing a closing `</details>` tag

2. Apply the catalog CR:

    ``` terminal

>     $ kubectl apply -f <catalog_cr>.yaml

Reviewer 2: should this be `kubectl apply -f catalog_cr.yaml`?
